FrontTrends 2010 Live coding example
====================================

Read the post: http://cjohansen.no/en/javascript/fronttrends_2010

This sample jQuery plugin was originally live coded at FrontTrends 2010.
The purpose was to show TDD in practice, and as such looking at this code
will be nowhere as useful as actually watching the presentation where I gave
some detailed explanations as to why and how I did the different things.

The code itself is very crude - this is just the start of a plugin. Note that
it does not do anything other than display a list of suggestions. No keyboard
navigation, no ability to select suggestions, no nothing. As I said, this was
only an example of how I use TDD to develop code - there is only so much you
can show in an hour.

To actually take the code for a spin, concatenate the source files like so:

  cat client/lib/jquery.js client/src/list_renderer.js\
        client/src/xhr_data_source.js client/src/live_search.js\
        client/src/live_search.jquery.js > server/public/live-search.min.js

Then run the server (you'll need Node.js)

  ./run_server

Then visit http://localhost:8000/ and type something in the search box.
Suggestions should show up.

I wish I could tell you that I took the time to TDD the server code as well, but
unfortunately, it's a complete mess, and I only hacked it together in order to
show the demo with some results. A bit ironic, as I never got the demo running
at the presentation, since I forgot to include jquery when concatenating the files.
Oh well, maybe you'll be luckier.

To run the tests:

  cd client && java -jar path/to/JsTestDriver-1.2.2.jar --tests all

I recommend Jstdutil (http://cjohansen.no/en/javascript/jstdutil_a_ruby_wrapper_over_jstestdriver), the tool I used during the talk to run the tests.
